to login to for shared music we should
like into for shared account we should
enter a login that is usually our email
address look how we doing it on the
screen it will probably take a few more
seconds to finish internet and then
we'll proceed with the password so we
are entering do you logging yes we are
doing it now and and in a few seconds
probably more well enter the password so
having logged in to for shared music we
will see the instructions of how to
search for music right after that we
should only press ok as with it now we
should press the Menu button on the
screen that is the left little button
yes we are doing it now and press search
to find the music we would like to
stream who should enter the name of the
artist or the name of the exact track as
we are doing it on the screen just now
by entering any keyword any name of the
track or any name of the artist and then
we should press GO as we're doing it now
pressing go we will see now the list of
the desirable tracks in a few seconds
yes and he can choose one of the tracks
and you will start playing automatically
now that we choose the menu button by
clicking on it and we see the track and
we press and hold on track press and
hold until the menu appears here in the
menu for choose play the track starts
playing automatically if we choose other
options back in the menu now we're back
in the menu and we're again pressing and
holding the track until the menu appears
and we choose add to playlist option let
us say we create the new playlist click
Save the new playlist will appear now
we'll see where exactly it appears it
appears right after you login into
shared muse
next time you can see it now back by
clicking back and once again here's the
new playlist one YES on the track inside
it now that we opened the new playlist
one press and hold on it and let us just
use rename where we can enter the new
name of the playlist now and train the
new name of the playlist for that we
should delete the previous one that is
new playlist one should be deleted and
we're choosing the new name of the
playlist we have chosen to be de AR dear
here it is and press and hold on the
playlist and let us choose edit we are
seeing the track let us say we choose to
share the track choose share from the
menu and then probably we would like to
share it via email choose Gmail just
press Gmail now you can see the aunt of
all where you should enter the name of
the email of the person you would like
to share the track with as we are doing
it just now we are entering an email
address yes we are I will take probably
a few more seconds to finish it we are
doing it as quickly as possible
yes we're entering the email address yes
we are now doing this exactly that's
what we are doing and then press send
now the truck has been shared back in
the menu meaning back in the playlist
menu let's click back then press and
hold in the playlist and let us say we
would like to delete it if we would like
to do with it
yes then getting back let us see how we
can delete the playlist
press and hold it and we play like to
eat and okay the playlist is deleted
back in the main menu left button we can
logout from 4shared music